c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\APEngProj.exe
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\APEngProj.pdb
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APEngProj\APEngProj\obj\x86\Debug\APEngProj.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APEngProj\APEngProj\obj\x86\Debug\APEngProj.exe
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APEngProj\APEngProj\obj\x86\Debug\APEngProj.pdb
D:\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\obj\x86\Debug\APEngProj.exe
D:\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\obj\x86\Debug\APEngProj.pdb
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\obj\x86\Debug\APEngProj.exe
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\obj\x86\Debug\APEngProj.pdb
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\obj\x86\Debug\APEngProj.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\APEngProj.exe
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\APEngProj.pdb
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sisyphus.xnb
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\hill.xnb
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\boulder.xnb
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\APEngProj.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\APEngProj.application
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\obj\x86\Debug\APEngProj.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\obj\x86\Debug\APEngProj.application
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\progress.xnb
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\progressFull.xnb
C:\Users\Ryan\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\obj\x86\Debug\APEngProj.exe
C:\Users\Ryan\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus\APEngProj\APEngProj\obj\x86\Debug\APEngProj.pdb
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\obj\x86\Debug\APEngProj.exe
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\obj\x86\Debug\APEngProj.pdb
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\boulder.xnb
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\hill.xnb
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\progress.xnb
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\progressFull.xnb
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sisyphus.xnb
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\APEngProj.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\APEngProj.application
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\APEngProj.exe
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\APEngProj.pdb
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\obj\x86\Debug\APEngProj.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\obj\x86\Debug\APEngProj.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Me\Source\Repos\mythOfSisyphus3.0\ApEngProj\APEngProj\APEngProj\obj\x86\Debug\APEngProj.application
